application.name = Interface

signin.title = Signin to continue to Interface
signin.label.username = Username
signin.label.password = Password
signin.label.submit = Sign in
signin.link.signup = Create an account
signin.link.guest = Guest session

signup.title = Create your Interface Account
signup.label.name = Name
signup.label.firstname = First
signup.label.lastname = Last
signup.label.username = Choose your username
signup.label.password = Create a password
signup.label.confirmPassword = Confirm your password
signup.label.submit = Sign up
signup.new.success = Successfully signup {0}
signup.validation.errors = Please correct the errors in the form.

update.title = Edit your Interface Account
update.label.name = Name
update.label.username = Username
update.label.password = Password
update.label.submit = Update
update.new.success = Successfully update {0}
update.validation.errors = Please correct the errors in the form.

submission.label.sources = Source(s)
submission.label.compositions = Compositions
submission.label.executables = Executable